OSDOCS#10702: Docs for Multiarch Tuning Operator (#76628)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/multi-arch-creating-podplacmement-config.adoc

//Module included in the following assemblies
//
//post_installation_configuration/multiarch-tuning-operator.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="multi-architecture-creating-podplacement-config_{context}"]

> = Creating a PodPlacementConfig custom resource

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Creating a ClusterPodPlacementConfig custom resource
```

and all the other instances too.

Author: Updated as per the suggestion.

After installing the Multiarch Tuning Operator, you must create a `PodPlacementConfig` custom resource (CR).

> The `PodPlacementConfig` CR is used to enable or disable the Multiarch Tuning Operator in the namespaces where the Operator is installed. You can create the `PodPlacementConfig` CR by using the {product-title} web console or the {product-title} CLI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `PodPlacementConfig` CR is used to enable or disable the Multiarch Tuning Operator's pod placement operand. You can create the `ClusterPodPlacementConfig` CR by using the {product-title} web console or the {product-title} CLI.
```

//Module included in the following assemblies
//
//post_installation_configuration/multiarch-tuning-operator.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="multi-architecture-creating-podplacement-config_{context}"]

= Creating a ClusterPodPlacementConfig custom resource

After installing the Multiarch Tuning Operator, you must create a `ClusterPodPlacementConfig` custom resource (CR).

The `ClusterPodPlacementConfig` CR is used to enable or disable the Multiarch Tuning Operator's pod placement operand.

[discrete]
== How to configure the ClusterPodPlacementConfig CR

.Example `ClusterPodPlacementConfig` CR YAML file
[source,yaml]
----

> apiVersion: multiarch.openshift.io/v1alpha1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
apiVersion: multiarch.openshift.io/v1beta1
```

There is an ongoing change for this in https://github.com/openshift/multiarch-tuning-operator/pull/106

I think you can already change any `v1alpha1` instance to be `v1beta1`.

Author: updated as per the suggestion.
